Make web compatible extension (#24)
Scalr/scalr-vscode: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

## [0.0.5]

> ### Improvements

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Features
```

> -   Web-Compatible Extension ([#23]https://github.com/Scalr/scalr-vscode/issues/23)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   Added support for the web version of the extension ([#23](https://github.com/Scalr/scalr-vscode/issues/23))
```
